I guess welcome back to my channel and
cooking with mateship in today's video
I'm going to show you how to make this
delicious crispy sautéed eggplant in
spicy garlic sauce it is really easy to
make so delicious
and but I do have a request before we
start on recipe if you enjoy watching my
video please don't forget to subscribe
to my channel it means a lot to me ok so
let's start with the recipe so here I
have taken to a plant so now I'm going
to cut them
there you go and now you just want to
chop them however you like long small or
bite-sized pieces I'm going to do bite
size piece to this so let's start with
you
this is done so I'm going to put it in
do same thing with this one
you
into this salon town on a plan chopped
already cut into this eggplant I'm going
to add just a little bit of vinegar just
a little bit and then I'll add some salt
now you want to mix this very well you
can use your clean hands to mix them all
right look mix really nice so now I'm
going to let this sit for about 15
minutes
you
all right over 8 o'clock still resting
and I have prepared other ingredients
that you will need so here I have about
a tablespoon of ginger means ginger and
that I have finely chopped about tables
a little bit of more than tablespoon of
garlic then here I have white scariest
this is optional
I just can't reduce a little bit in the
sauce I don't like much so this is
optional as well and this is green
chilies this is optional this is really
spicy they're tiny green chilies I have
chopped them really fine this is green
scallions but this is cornstarch about 4
or 5 tsp so I'll add some for sauce and
I'll use some for the eggplant pudding
then we would need some sesame seed this
is just for the decoration to sprinkle
on top then I have a little bit of sugar
it's soya sauce water and this is chili
flakes so that's all let's go start
cooking all right it's been 15 minutes
you can see there are sweating and if
you see they were releasing a water as
well so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to give them a quick rinse since I
have added a salt so I don't want to
really salty so I'm just going to give
them a quick rinse and I'll be right
back all right so after raising I'm just
going to dry them just roughly dab the
paper towel all right so I have pet dry
them so first I'm going to add a little
bit of cornstarch
about half tablespoon and then just make
sure that each eggplant is covered with
discount starch so try to call them with
their constant and if this helped we can
do this you don't want to add too much
of the corn starch in the beginning just
start adding little by little as you can
see it's coating it nicely now I'll add
one bar of teaspoon it and mix it up
again I think it's better to use your
hands so when you add it just a little
by little it will make thick clear over
it and it will become more crispier so
my eggplants are ready as you can see
they're nicely covered with the
cornstarch I'll just give you a quick
close look as you can see you're all
ready and now we are going to Stella fry
them so here what you can do either you
can deep fry them or shallow fry them or
bake them so to get really nice crisp
layer on top I'm just going shell off
fry them alright so here I have my
that's enough for now and then I'll
start handing my eggplant
[Music]
in the beginning what you want to do is
put it on the limit of high flavors
tastes are very golden brown let me get
down the heat and let them cook slowly
because you want to cook them from
insiders know if you don't want to do
that you can also try that like this and
then bake them for five to six minutes
I'm just trying to do all in one so I'll
just try to stop it
for its as you can see here I already
take outside if you're looking really
nicely Chris oh my nicely fried and done
and I like them crisps I really like
them crunchy so I double it for them but
the same saucepan who are going to add
about 2 tbsp of oil
[Music]
teacher
we need to bring them a bit of mortar
and here I have the extra teaspoon
Scotch so what I'm going to do is going
to add water in it it makes Larry so I
can
[Music]
last I'm going
let's resolve and our sauce is ready and
and just let it cook for about a minute
just to let this marinate all the
flavors our crispy eggplant a garlicky
sauce is ready eggplants ready and I'm
just going to garnish with little bit of
green scallions and a little bit of
sesame seed on top I hope you have
enjoyed watching this delicious egg pan
recipe video and if you did you know
what did you please subscribe to my
channel please don't forget to share
this video with your friends and family